okay so this game my last Oasis came out
and Abby made banana nut bread hey so
this game last Oasis came out and it's
based entirely around these sculptures
made by artists steel
Janson they're like kinetic sculptures
look at that [__] thing and that
terrifying I saw the game I said hey
that was cool
and so I tried enticing the developers
to give me a key by sending them a
picture of the guy from ratatouille
getting a zucchini shoved up his ass I
don't think they appreciated it but I
got my sources my friend gave me a key
so I got to play during the early access
before the early access the early early
access people complaining about the
content creator early release oh my god
why do they get it early it's because
we're people and they're not people
they're just numbers to us if I could
all my subscribers I just had to a
number on their arm and so all the
footage you're gonna see today is from
that moment and because that was the
last time the game worked they've shut
down the server since then
No I say we take hostages and for every
minute these servers aren't up starting
with everyone in this boys junker we're
gonna I was gonna say we'd cut off in
here but yeah let's see the jerk I think
checking people off dude
it's not me those thoughts idea you
always for it
I am well I mean it's lunchtime come on
signs of a great launch to be honest but
before we get into my incredibly
volatile review a word from our sponsor
this video is sponsored by conquerors
blade this games got a little bit of
everything lay siege to castles dump
some burning rocks on your foes make a
truce with your enemies and then kill
them afterwards stand on a rock beat the
[__] out of some scarecrows this game
has it all
best of all it's free which is the
perfect price to pay for this game and
if you sign up now you get and if you
sign up if you sign up now you get 30
days of premium for free as well as an
arsenal of battle supplies you can only
get by using the link in the description
you can create a warlord you can then
recruit some units including guys with
guns or crew gun guy use them to shoot
sword guy technology wins again the free
premium gives you a 30% boost to XP as
well as unit gold but wait there's more
partaken large online siege battles 15
verse 15 cannons raining down fire on
civilians
ballistas siege engines trebuchet x'
it's got it all so hit that link in the
description so what's the premise of the
game you you ride these things around
and you find other people that are
writing there's around you beat them up
that's really that's it that's all you
do
genius no I'm up here these bars
it's literally like Mad Max meets Conan
exiles meets sea of thieves so in other
words it's Mad Max meets [__] meets
[__] [__] I think what gripes me the
most about this game is is how much it's
geared towards clans now I think the
gaming police but I'm just gonna go
ahead and say it clans are lame playing
with more than a handful of people it
can't be fun having that many people on
one discord call it has to be [__]
mayhem either they're all talking or
none of them are talking and they're
just farming if you want to work towards
a [__] collective goal go join a cult
you weirdo go join a commune and slam a
fat jug of kool-aid go join the Peace
Corps under the guise of being a
humanitarian but we all know you're
there to just just see those native
titties don't make a gaming clan you
[__] weirdo that shit's weak so
anyways we install and fungal we made a
gaming clan it's called the boner City
boys but it's a really exclusive it's a
small clan very strict admissions to our
clan gotta have incredibly soft hands
oh there's guys driving by right now
who's got their know there's another set
of guys coming right towards me
this is no Michael there's a lot of
people come in there's a lot of people
get in your get into your crafts and run
all right this mold up on fungal it's a
Klan dude boner city boys are not big
enough to deal with this people I kill I
killed one I almost killed - you guys
are [__] cowards do it not carrots
you must die so the poner city boys wait
no that that's a guy fighting a bunch of
yappy agro let's just go down there and
be like dude nice ride on a race [__]
don't be outgrown portrays bed sheets
you know [__] you wanna race oh you
think that thing's fast with the boner
city but oh my god I'm dying kill that
thing or go got it you do without
beating up my vehicle I'm dead no he's
stopped he's stuck keep hitting them
[Music]
ever who took what what was yours
boner city boys
here in the burner city municipal area I
forgot about this yet water is the only
consumable in this game you don't need
food you just need water water lets you
respawn on your crawler water keeps you
from being dehydrated water is also what
lets you travel between maps water is
everything in this world it actually
does make more sense than Mad Max when
you think about it I never got those
movies you know because they all they
want is gasoline and and they spend all
this time driving hundreds of vehicles
to chase down one truck with gasoline in
it they wasted twice as much gas that's
in the the stupid tanker full of gas
just chasing after the tanker I don't
get it in the lore of lost Oasis is a
lost or last oasis which one is it I'm
gonna look it up right now
it's last Oasis not lost Oasis and I
think they chose last Oasis because it
looks better in the logo than Lost Oasis
just a little design choice right there
so in the lore of the game they say a
horrible Cataclysm has happened where
the earth has stopped rotating and it
takes a year for one day to pass which
is weird because I have the time I spend
in this game it's [__] nighttime
explain that [__] conveniently for you I
can't explain that [__] so on the off
chance you spend all this time gathering
up a bunch of water to travel from one
place to another
right there's his grids that you can
travel between when you get to set grid
what if it's completely over and by one
clan that have just bolted that thing
down you're out of water you can't leave
you can't respawn at your own krawler
you're [__] nighttime is there because
it's the only safe time to roam around
and collect water now now I know what
you're saying you're saying Sam this is
ridiculous the games in early access Sam
why are you kicking them while they're
down Sam this is unethical they're
having developmental issues I'll throw
you a bone how about this I ain't too
mad cuz I'm impatient for the game and
too this is the only game I've ever seen
that has Mongolian throat singing which
kind of redeems it my eyes
[Music]
Elleni do you hover where you sit oh
hell yeah livin like Larry
know what gross gross we talk difference
right it no I never tried to do their
high god I had one at this Airbnb Inc
Colorado [__] almost turned me gay
straight up nothing wrong with getting
your [__] blasted like good water
uh yeah by water of course it was great
too because if you close your eyes and
think about it you can pretend it's
someone's tongue but it's really just
water yeah so it's not gay yeah you can
pretend it's Fabio gripping your ass
cheeks and licking in between but really
it's just water yeah but it's just water
so it's okay you can you can if you
really close your eyes you can pretend
to hunky men are carrying you off into
the sunset running their fridge yeah
you're running your fingers through
their big chests there it really is just
water it has funds so whenever like you
can actually like oh you're not hitting
the spot Melanie you just made a gay Sam
yeah Sam are we up in this weird where'd
we spawn oh we're on top of a cliff bro
yeah we're just vibing up here let me
jump down
oh yeah use it I can't use the dinghy it
needs to be flipped I got it I got this
flip it and just hold on for dear life
what the [__] are we gonna do we'll see
ready and
use here we go Oh No Oh No
throw something at the last second Oh
God if you live
the fire nothing so I just drive this
off and a person yeah you could do that
you kill this last repo and then two
more camps okay
you hit me definitely the hunt show it
on video people were mad at like how
angry I was in the video
yeah they don't play games they're like
well let's talk as a [__] yeah I cut
out all the parts like 24 bits a week
all the time to deal with you and
[__] Brian running ahead and dying
[Music]
I've literally picked him up at second I
got the rejuvenating waters of Lake
Minnetonka I can't put you down
you're just Sam I can't put you down
this I I literally cannot oh there you
are hey why don't you plug it on the
verge of cry some more huh lipless quake
and why do you think he's a big brain
please
doing it father take it Oh God hey
thanks for watching guys make sure to
check out my podcast in the description
as well as this [__] DM to the
developers of last no basis it's a real
DM
[Music]